Well, it's still unclear
how many Philly residents have lost power,
but our 8 News mobile team
on the scene in Kensington,
where we have yet another location.
As you know, Walker,
we have a Category 2 storm
nearing the greater Philadelphia area,
part of an increasingly bizarre pattern
of seasonal weather.
Out here in Center City,
it's already quite gusty.
Should we be worried about flooding?
We do have a flash flood warning
in effect.
Lots of stalled cars.
And it looks like the storm drains
are just barely keeping up.
Jeff, can you show the folks at home?
What is that strange noise?
Wow. You've heard that expression,
"like rats climbing the mast," maybe?
That's what that looked like.
Speaking of rats, Center for Disease--
All air travel
at Philadelphia International Airport
has been suspended at this time,
and road closings may not be far behind.
Tonight's storm coincides
with a lunar eclipse,
so it really is black as night out there.
Now, have you ever wondered
what happens to animals?
What are you reading?
Just--
You know me. I like to read weird stuff.
Psychiatric disorders?
Are you afraid you're losing your mind?
Hang on. One. Two. Three.
Three seconds.
That means the storm's epicenter
is three miles away.
Does it scare you?
Of course not.
You're scared of something.
I mean, maybe on a macro level,
I'm a little scared
of extreme weather events.
But every storm is
the storm of the century.
That's how they keep us watching.
I wouldn't wait up for me tonight.
I had a shitload of coffee this afternoon.
Okay.
…flee to the west coast.
Flash flood alerts
from Missouri to Arkansas,
continuing east towards Pennsylvania.
As far as Philly is concerned,
this really could be
the storm of the century.
Motorists are advised
to avoid the Schuylkill Expressway.
As we continue to follow the storm
coming up from the south,
-you can see the warm front lifting--
-Would you shut that off?
As it continues--
Shit. He woke up.
Sometimes if you don't make eye contact,
he'll go back to sleep.
Why'd you bring the crib in?
He's safe in here.
I mean, if the storm wakes him up,
he'll feel better if he's with us.
-Wait. Did you check all the windows?
-Of course.
And did you put the big towel
under the back door?
-Because that weather stripping leaks.
-I did the big towel.
I don't even want to think
about the basement.
We can't stay in the park anymore.
What do you want us to do?
If the storm doesn't want you here,
then you should go.
We can't leave you here all alone.
It's not safe.
Do you trust me?
You're my whole heart.
Then go.
Take the others.
And be my voice in the world.
Sorry I'm late.
I had to wait for Dorothy to fall asleep.
You sure he can get in the other end?
He said we just have to get her in there.
And he's just gonna talk to her, right?
Take her somewhere and deprogram her?
Absolutely. It'll be good for her.
You're gonna have to bring her though.
She trusts you.
No way. She trusts you
way more than she trusts me.
You're like a father figure.
But she knows
I've been trying to get rid of her.
Also, how am I gonna say,
"Hey, I wanna see you in the basement
at 2:00 a.m.?"
Besides, if you do it,
you can make it a sex thing.
Wow.
Just when I thought you couldn't make this
any more disgusting or morally abhorrent.
Oh, yeah, you're right.
We should grab her and drag her down
four goddamn flights of stairs, Julian.
She's a fucked-up crazy person who's been
stalking your sister half her life.
Are you with me on this or not?
-I'll get her down, okay?
-Good.
Sean?
Goddamn it.
Can you get something to clean up
this mess so it doesn't destroy the floor?
Oh, Leanne.
I never met anyone like you.
Sometimes you remind me of myself.
Make sure you get under that lamp.
You and I, we're both… tenacious.
Never give up.
That's not always a good thing.
You keep acting like
there's something wrong with me.
Like you want to get rid of me.
All I ever try and do is make you happy.
It's not your job to make me happy.
It never was.
Why is it so impossible
for you to like me?
Oh, Leanne.
The world is full of people out there.
Why does it have to be me?
Even Sean and Julian
don't like me anymore.
Maybe you could explain to them
that I'm not a monster.
-Do you need help with your brace?
-No.
No, it's okay. I can take it off for you--
No, it's fine.
I don't even need it anymore.
-But the doctor said--
-Oh, my God, Leanne, please.
Let me try and handle
this one thing on my own.
Maybe we can keep talking.
Perhaps I can help you see things
a different way.
Is that all you've got?
What the fuck are you doing? Get down!
It's all for me, Julian.
Don't you get it?
The storm. All of it. It's for me!
And he thinks that he can beat me,
but he can't.
'Cause I've won.
Come downstairs.
I wanna show you something.
No.
Sean!
Julian!
Please, let me go.
-Can't see anything.
-Just keep going.
Hello, Leanne.
Who are they?
You two should go now.
Why is there a fire?
Doesn't matter. Come on.
Come on. It's done.
I'm coming, baby.
I'm coming, sweetie.
Okay, baby. It's okay. Okay. Mama's here.
We did it. It's over. She's gone.
We don't need you to be uncomfortable.
I only need you to listen.
Very well.
Why should we pretend…
these frail bits of rope can contain you?
We both know exactly what you are.
If I've ever shown you any kindness,
I beg you to remember that.
When you first came to this house,
it was an act of love,
but that love was a selfish love.
It has brought death
and destruction down upon us all.
Anything bad that happens in the world
is because of him. Not me.
You misunderstand him.
He does not see you or me.
His perfect order is too great
for us to comprehend.
We can only serve it.
You've been telling me that nonsense
my entire life.
I don't believe it anymore.
I will never serve him again. Ever.
Then you truly have fallen.
Stop that.
I will weep until I have
no more strength to weep,
because the world is lost.
Don't be ridiculous.
It may not be the world that he wants,
but the sun will still rise every day.
No, it won't. The signs are clear.
Look around you.
You should not exist.
You are an open wound in the earth,
and now the whole world suffers.
The ones you love, Dorothy, this family,
you have trapped them in a living hell.
This deluge tonight is only the beginning.
A world out of balance
is a world of endless suffering,
unless you choose to end it
and save us all.
We have tried to offer you the true death,
but none of us can kill you.
Your rage and your self-will
burn too bright.
Only one creature can do it.
One creature is strong enough.
You.
I can't.
I'll be right here to help you,
little flower.
First your eyes, then your limbs.
If you truly love the Turners, give them
the life they were meant to have.
Set them free.
And know that
they will always remember you.
And best of all,
God will forgive you all your sins…
and your wickedness.
Who said I was wicked?
Go.
We're still in here. Come quick!
Look out!
Stop!
He's all yours.
Who's that?
That wasn't part of the plan.
Don't. Put it down.
You'll just make it worse.
She's just a deranged girl. We got this.
Did you hear that?
She said
the storms were all because of her.
That's bullshit. That's just wind.
Oh, fuck.
I'm so sorry for what we did to you.
Please. My phone is on the table.
I just need to call 911 for Sean.
No. Stay away from me!
-Get away from me!
-Sean!
Sean!
911. What's your emergency?
I need two ambulances.
9780 Spruce Street.
There's been an accident.
Leanne.
What's happened? Where's Sean?
Shh.
You should make sure Jericho's okay.
Nanny said it was an accident.
I'm never gonna let you
back in this house.
What did you do?
I didn't do anything, Mrs. Turner.
It was just an accident.
You know how accidents can happen.
It's just you and me now.